README.md, before:

#### Home

Diablo is a benchmark to evaluate blockchain systems on the same ground.
It was developed in a partnership between University of Sydney and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL)
to evaluate blockchain and distributed ledger technologies when running realistic applications.
The name Diablo stems from DIstributed Analytical BLOckchain benchmark.
If you use Diablo, feel free to cite the appropriate technical report for v2 and v1: 

*[Diablo-v2: A Benchmark for Blockchain Systems](https://infoscience.epfl.ch/record/294268?ln=en)*.
V. Gramoli, R. Guerraoui, A. Lebedev, C. Natoli and G. Voron.
Technical Report 294268, Infoscience, 2022.

*[Diablo: A Distributed Analytical Blockchain Benchmark Framework Focusing on Real-World Workloads](https://infoscience.epfl.ch/record/285731?ln=en)*.
H. Benoit, V. Gramoli, R. Guerraoui, C. Natoli.
Technical Report 287288, Infoscience, 2021.

#### Blockchains
It allowed to evaluate the following blockchains:
 * [Algorand](https://github.com/algorand)
 * [Avalanche](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego)
 * [Diem](https://github.com/diem/diem)
 * [Ethereum](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum)
 * [Hyperledger Fabric](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric)
 * [Quorum](https://github.com/ConsenSys/quorum)
 * [Solana](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana)

Feel free to add your own blockchain to Diablo by following the [blockchain instructions](blockchain-howto).


#### DApps
It features several decentralized applications (DApps), including:
 * Dota 2: one of the most popular multiplayer game of Steam, 
 * FIFA: a web service experiencing the FIFA requests during the soccer worldcup, 
 * NASDAQ: an exchange with the NASDAQ workload of the GAFAM stock trades,
 * Twitter: a microblogging DApp with the trace of tweets at the release of *The Castle in the Sky* anime,
 * Uber: a mobility service DApp with a Uber workload, 
 * YouTube: a video sharing service with a YouTube workload.

Feel free to add your own DApp/workload to Diablo by following the [DApp instructions](dapp-howto).


In order to check the reproducibility of our results, check out the following [reproducibility page](redo-howto).

[source](https://github.com/NatoliChris/diablo-benchmark/) 
<!-- [test](
http://194.182.162.199/benchmark) -->

Commit message:

Add one link to fresh install.

README.md, after:

#### Home

Diablo is a benchmark to evaluate blockchain systems on the same ground.
It was developed in a partnership between University of Sydney and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL)
to evaluate blockchain and distributed ledger technologies when running realistic applications.
The name Diablo stems from DIstributed Analytical BLOckchain benchmark.
If you use Diablo, feel free to cite our latest technical report:

*[Diablo-v2: A Benchmark for Blockchain Systems](https://infoscience.epfl.ch/record/294268?ln=en)*.
V. Gramoli, R. Guerraoui, A. Lebedev, C. Natoli and G. Voron.
Technical Report 294268, Infoscience, 2022.

#### Blockchains
It allowed to evaluate the following blockchains:
 * [Algorand](https://github.com/algorand)
 * [Avalanche](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego)
 * [Diem](https://github.com/diem/diem)
 * [Ethereum](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum)
 * [Hyperledger Fabric](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric)
 * [Quorum](https://github.com/ConsenSys/quorum)
 * [Solana](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana)

Feel free to add your own blockchain to Diablo by following the [blockchain instructions](blockchain-howto).


#### DApps
It features several decentralized applications (DApps), including:
 * Dota 2: one of the most popular multiplayer game of Steam, 
 * FIFA: a web service experiencing the FIFA requests during the soccer worldcup, 
 * NASDAQ: an exchange with the NASDAQ workload of the GAFAM stock trades,
 * Twitter: a microblogging DApp with the trace of tweets at the release of *The Castle in the Sky* anime,
 * Uber: a mobility service DApp with a Uber workload, 
 * YouTube: a video sharing service with a YouTube workload.


#### Next steps

- *Add your DApp*: Feel free to add your own DApp/workload to Diablo by following the [DApp instructions](dapp-howto).
- *Simple demo*: In order to play with Diablo, download our virtualBox image and run some tests by following [these tests](redo-howto).
- *Reproducibility*: To reproduce our results, you will need to setup a network configuration and follow do a [fresh installation](fresh-install).

<!-- 
[source](https://github.com/NatoliChris/diablo-benchmark/) 
[test](
http://194.182.162.199/benchmark) -->
